# CCS 2017 CFP - Frequently Asked Questions

This page collects answers to frequently asked questions about CCS
2017 submissions.  Our intent is to make the answers public so it is
clear what they are to any submitter, as well as to reviewers.

## Conflicts of Interest

_My paper describes some security flaws in products by BigCo, Inc. Should I mark PC members from BigCo as conflicts?_

> No. We believe this is not a conflict that would prevent an unbiased review, and as the PC Chairs, we will be aware of the issue in interpreting reviews.


## Anonymization

_My paper is about work I presented at a non-paper conference (like Blackhat or DEFCON). Can I submit to CCS, and how should I reference the previous conference talk?_

> Yes, you are welcome to submit work that has not been previously published to CCS, and presenting at a conference without proceedings does not count as previous publication.  To avoid concerns about reviewers thinking the work is not original because of knowledge of the presentation, you should cite the presentation and make it clear in your text that it was your work. The reference should be anonymized to prevent accidental author disclosure. For example, the reference should be [#] Authors removed for anonymity. _[talk title]_, conference information.

_I want to provide a supplemental website with code/data associated
with my paper.  Is this allowed?_

> Yes, you can include a URL in your paper that points to a site with
supplemental material. It is important that the URL does not violate
anonmity requirements, so it should not be your institution's domain
or something that would reveal your identity.  For most material, the
best solution is to create a new, pseudonymous account with a cloud
service (e.g., github, bitbucket, or google sites) where you can post
your content at a URL that will not disclose your identity.  Keep in
mind that reviewers are not expected to evaluate anything other than
the (up to 12 pages) body of the paper.  The material posted on the
site should either be anonymized, or if it is not possible to do that,
there should be a warning next to the URL in the paper that the
content linked is not anonymized.  The site containing your
supplemental content may not do any tracking of IP addresses of
visitors, and any attempts to use supplemental materials to identify
reviewers will be dealt with as harshly as possible.

_My paper is about a system that reviewers may have heard about and will know is mine. Should I change the name of the system in the paper?_

> No, it is not necessary or encouraged to change the name of your
system for the submission. If a reviewer is already familiar with the
system, changes its name will not prevent them from guessing who wrote
the paper, but will leave them confused. A reviewer not familiar with
the work could, of course, do a DuckDuckGo/Bing/Google search to find
your system. The goal of anonymization is to make it so reviewers who
do not want to know the authors of a paper will not accidentally
discover them, not to prevent "adversarial" reviewers from being able to learn the identity of authors if they really want to.

